(Yuya)
Previously on Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
ARC‐V"...
(Nico Smiley)
The hunt is on!
If our challengers want
to duel,
they must first find
two Pendulum Cards.
Then, they must decide how
many cards to put on the
line.
It's time to set the stage
for our star performers!
Go...
Quartet of Quandry!
It looks like our first duel
in the Volcano zone
is about to erupt!
It's Taka and Nagi from
the Banded Warrior Academy
versus You Show Duel School's
Yuya Sakaki!
Duel!
(Nico Smiley)Well, it looks like
things are heating up in the
Iceberg Zone!
Let's duel!
(Nico Smiley)
And now we've got another pair
of duelists about to mix it up.
Unless you want
to get flambéed,
you best get
out of Gong's way!
I move for
no one.
(shrieking)
(computer)
Battle Royal
mode Engaged.
Joining Tag Duel.
What?
Pardon me.
What is the meaning
of this message?
(Nico Smiley)
They've accidentally
triggered a tag team duel!
I think it's safe to say
show times over, Taka.
Two on one doesn't
seem like a fair game.
Mind if I
join in?
(laughing)
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(computer)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
(screaming)
My, my, my, the surprises
this tournament
keeps unleashing
is electrifying!
Especially for Leo Institutes
exchange student Dennis McField,
who found out the hard way
that butting into a duel
can be
quite shocking!
Why was he penalized?
Zuzu didn't lose points when
she crashed Gong's duel.
(Nico Smiley)
Let me explain.
Please pay close
attention.
You see, Ms. Boyle
was already dueling,
so it was deemed she was simply
continuing said duel.
However, Mr. McField wasn't
dueling against anyone
when he inserted
himself into battle,
which is why he was given
an intrusion penalty.
I wasn't expecting a jolt like
that, but you've got to admit,
my entrance was...
truly electrifying.
Thanks for the save, but
why'd you risk helping me?
Us dueltainers have
to stick together!
When I saw you
were in trouble,
I couldn't stand by and
let the curtains fall
on such an
entertaining duel,
so that's when I sent my Damage
Juggler in to help you out!
Putting a stop to that menacing
monster was the least I could do
to say thank you for putting on
such a dramatic performance!
Well, thanks
for saving me.
Oh, don't thank me, Yuya,
it was nothing.
Get lost,
you clown!
Such dunderheads.
Dueling and of course winning
with Yuya Sakaki
is too good of an
opportunity to pass up.
Dennis McField has
turned a two‐on‐one battle
in the Volcano Zone
into a tag duel!
And meanwhile,
in the Iceberg Zone, a brand
new cold war is about to
begin!
Bundle up, your life points
are about to drop to zero.
Because, I tune Level 3
Polar Penguin
with my Level 4
Blizzard Wolf!
(roaring)
Do not underestimate
this beast,
for its ferociousness
will freeze you with fear!
I Synchro Summon
Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal!
And now, Iceberg Narwhal
attack Zuzu directly!
My Action Spell Blinding
Blizzard will stop that cold!
The icy air must be
numbing your brain!
You think a little breeze
will slow my Glacial Beast?
Narwhal, blow away
the blizzard to create
a path straight for Zuzu!
It's sno‐ver
for you!
You are finished
Zuzu Boyle!
Your spell card's going
good‐bye and snow are you!
Gong's gonna melt that
plan Princess Permafrost!
Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch
redirects your Narwhal's attack
to take the hit in
Zuzu's place!
Curses!
And you ain't snuffin
out Blowtorch's flames
cause it can't be destroyed
once per turn!
But you will still
take the damage fool!
(screaming)
Oh no!
Gong!
I'm just fine Zuzu.
Don't you worry.
Thanks for having
my back Gong.
Gong wouldn't
duel any other way.
'Cause we're a team!
Thanks, it means a lot.
Would you
look at that!
Gong's gallant play has saved
his tag teammate Zuzu Boyle!
It's Gong to
the rescue!
Way to go Gong
you are so the man!
Totally!
And I hope Yuya can work
with this new guy
to turn his
duel around, too.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's time to take to the stage!
(Nagi)
Even if you got a partner,
it's too little too late, Yuya!
Don't be so sure!
The kid's only got
200 life points left.
One Flame Ball
will end him.
Let's go get one!
(cackling)
Oh, no!
Hey there I forgot
to introduce myself.
My name's Dennis McField.
I'm an exchange
student from
♪ LID's School for
the Performing Arts! ♪
That first round battle
was breathtaking.
Your performance
was so inspiring!
Can you do
this later?
Heh, I got a Flame Ball
and it's heading your way
And that means that this duel
is all over for you!
I activate an
Action Spell to‐‐
I'll save you by summoning
Performage Flame Eater!
This red hot performer
will take center stage
and devour that
fireball!
No way!
Don't worry, I'll
take care of him!
No need to thank
me for saving you,
us entertainers got
to stick together!
You've been lucky so far Yuya,
but your luck's run out!
This Flame Ball's
going to light you up!
I activate
the action spell‐‐
(Dennis)
Another fire ball?
Good thing I have
another Fire Eater!
Now then, would you
be so kind as to...
(burping)
stop interrupting with
your lame Flame Balls
while I'm trying
to talk to Yuya!
Well, then...
what have we here?
I have two monsters with
the same Level.
I know exactly
the way to stage this.
With two Level 4 Flame Eaters,
I build the Overlay Network!
Direct your gaze to
the skies above,
as I present to you a
swinging star performer!
I Xyz Summon
♪ Performage Trapeze Magician! ♪
♪
What?
(laughing hysterically)
Leap!
And dramatic
landing!
(Nico Smiley)
He's a summoning
superstar!
Magic!
This kid's a showman
just like Yuya's dad!
And he's just as cute
as Reed Pepper!
(Dennis)
When Trapeze Magician's
on stage,
I don't take
damage from effects
that are less than or equal
to its attack points.
So you can stop trying
to use Flame Balls
to win because I
just extinguished them.
Hope you enjoyed
your front row seats.
Think I'll bow out now.
I end my turn.
You're done?
Yeah because I'd love it if I
could watch you close the show.
Uh, sure thing
(Nico Smiley)
Now I direct your attention
to the Ancient Ruins Zone,
where Shay Obsidian
is pitted against
three Knights
of the Duel Disk.
Let's see if Shay can fend
off this thrilling triple
threat!
Have you discovered
Celina's whereabouts?
No, but we're
working on it, sir.
She's in the city
watching this.
I'm certain of it.
Raidraptor,
Rise Falcon, attack!
Ravaging Rebellion!
(screaming)
You three aren't worthy
to join The Lancers.
(Gong)
Gong's turn!
And Gong summons
Superheavy
Samurai Gigagloves!
Gong can send a Superheavy
Samurai to the graveyard,
to summon Superheavy
Samurai Trumpeter!
Now Level 2 Trumpeter
tunes Level 1 Blowtorch
and Level 3 Gigagloves to
turn up the heat
and melt away
your life points!
Do the monster math!
Tuning these three is gonna make
a monster to settle this score!
I Synchro Summon!
Level 6 Superheavy Samurai
Ogre Shutendoji!
My Ogre's
special ability knocks out
all your spell and
trap cards!
(gasping)
Oh, no!
Since you destroyed
my Absorbing Lamp,
I have to give Zuzu
her Pendulum Card back.
So here it is once
again yours.
Unfortunately.
All right, now I'm back
in the swing of things!
And since you also got
rid of my Red Fiend,
my Fire Djinn's
attack points
will now drop
back down to 2,400.
Gong's Ogre can use its
defense points to attack
while it's in defense mode so
say so long to your Fire Djinn!
All right!
Awesome!
Great work, Gong.
Now we're the ones
who're winning!
(Declan)
Are you
certain of that?
When my Fire Djinn is destroyed,
I can tribute one monster
to destroy your
Superheavy Samurai Ogre
and send it directly
to your graveyard.
And in addition, you also
take 600 points of damage.
That's bad!
So then, I tribute
Purple Lamp
to activate Fire Djinn's
special ability!
Oh, no!
No, Gong,
no!
Gong!
You should be
worrying about yourself.
I activate Narwhal's
special ability
so you take same amount
of damage that Gong did.
(gasping)
That's so cold!
Zuzu!
(Zuzu)
Are you alright?
Don't worry about Gong,
worry about winning!
You gotta duel for
the both of us now!
The rest is
up to you.
I understand
and I'll do it!
I can see your friendship
together will never end
on the other hand
this duel will.
You have 200 life points
remaining
so winning on my next
turn will be quite simple.
Doubt it,
'cause I've still got a
lot of show left in me
and here it comes!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 3 Pendulumstatue
White Butterfly
and Scale 9 Pendulumstatue
White Flower!
So changes
are in bloom!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 4 and 8
at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon...
the lovely
and talented
Soprano the Melodious
Songstress.
And Mozarta
the Melodious Maestra!
And I can use Soprano
to Fusion Summon
without using
Polymerization.
Soprano, this
is your moment!
Fuse with Mozarta!
Together you'll sing
a sensational duet
that will form an
even more melodious monster!
I Fusion Summon!
Bloom Diva
the Melodious Choir!
(singing)
Let's start on
a high note:
Bloom Diva,
attack Iceberg Narwhal!
And here's music
to my ears,
Bloom Diva can't
be destroyed in battle
against your Iceberg Narwhal!
And instead of me
taking damage,
you take the damage
that I was going to take!
And the icing
on the cake,
your monster
is also destroyed
Very clever..
but I will still
have life points left.
I know, but I'm about
to change that!
Now I activate
Pianissimo!
Diva's attack points
drop so you take more damage!
Nyet!
Cannot be!
Quiet please,
there's a lady on stage!
Bloom Diva, let's give our
friend here a performance
she'll never forget.
Wrecking Refrain!
(straining)
Impressive.
Watching you duel you
has been such an honor.
I am so grateful.
You won't be
in a second.
But Zuzu, you do not have a
monster with which to attack,
so I believe you
are finished.
Me finished?
I don't think
so, Halil!
I activate
De‐Fusion!
By returning my Bloom Diva
to the Extra Deck,
I can summon the monsters
that were combined to create it!
Welcome back Soprano
and Mozarta!
It's showtime!
Soprano,
attack Halil!
Mozarta,
you're on!
Guess this is
my swan song!
Zuzu Boyle has just won a major,
melodious, vocalist victory,
which means all four Pendulum
Cards go to the tag team
of Zuzu and Gong!
(all three)
They did it!
All right!
I'm so fired up my
tears are boiling!
Take center
stage, Yuya!
Show em your
dueling dazzle!
Dazzle?
Okay!
It's showtime!
I draw!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 1 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend
and Scale 7 Pendulumstatue
Red Fairy
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I can summon monsters between
Level 2 and 6 at the same time.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Scratch your way to victory
Performapal Silver Claw,
Snap to it,
Performapal Whip Snake!
(Yuya)
Oh, no
It's happening
again
What's going on?
(gasping)
(Dennis)
Yuya!
Relax.
I know what's
happening.
You do?
You're afraid of losing control
like you did in the duel
against Iggy Arlo.
But don't worry!
Trapeze Magician and I are
here to keep you focused
on entertaining the crowd.
Always remember
use your power
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
Thanks, Dennis.
Good to know.
You're quite
welcome.
Then let's go!
I overlay my Level 4 Silver Claw
and Level 4 Whip Snake
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon.
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
This is the same move you made
when you flipped out on Iggy.
Looks like someone's about
to try and bring the pain!
You're wrong.
'Cause I'm about to bring
on the entertainment.
On with the show!
This'll be...
hot!
With Trapeze Magician's
special ability,
I can use one of its Overlay
Units to allow a monster
to attack you not once
but twice in a single turn!
And that monster is going to be
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
Thanks, Dennis!
Now, here's Dark Rebellion's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
the attack points of your
monster are cut in half, Taka!
And then
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
gains those attack points.
Fujin!
You're next,
Nagi!
I still got an Overlay Unit,
which I'm using on Raijin!
Time to power up!
(singing)
You've got style,
Dennis!
So do I!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
attack Fujin!
(screaming)
Dark Rebellion,
one more time!
Now let's attack Raijin!
Mauling Mandible Charge!
(screaming)
That's a wrap!
Bravo, Yuya!
A triumphant
performance!
Yeah.
Dueling's the best
entertainment, for sure!
I only wish we could hear how
much the audience enjoyed it.
(everyone cheering)
Whoa!
After a comeback
that hot I've gotta cool down!
That's what entertainment
dueling's about!
(all three)
All right, Yuya!
Woohoo!
Yuya and Zuzu
both won!
We're two for two!
It's very exciting
Why it's almost as exciting
as if Reed Pepper won!
♪
(gasps)
Nice, I found
a Pendulum Card.
What gives?
It's moving on
its own!
(Trout)
I caught
me a big one!
That's not funny!
What's
the big idea?
I'm no catch of
the day.
Now, now don't let
your fins get flustered
I just fish for sport.
Something's fishy
about you.
You look like that
cooking show duelist!
That's because I am him,
TV's Reed Pepper.
In that case I got something
I wanna talk to you about.
(Zuzu)
Well, Gong,
here you go.
You won that
duel, Zuzu.
Gong cannot
take those cards.
But it was a
tag duel.
You deserve
half the cards.
Gong'll just take back
the card that Gong wagered.
There's still a lot of
battle left, Zuzu.
So good luck.
Thanks, Gong.
Good luck
to you, too.
Thanks for jumping in
to help me, Dennis!
I should
thank you!
It's not every day you get
to duel with someone
who learned from
the great Yusho Sakaki.
Whoa.
So you knew
my dad?
Who doesn't?
He was like
my dueling hero.
You know it's
funny.
With you, it felt
like he was on my team.
I felt it,
too, Yuya.
I felt it, too.
Let's both keep winning
and make it to the end.
Okay.
Let's do it!
♪